hello guys might hear and welcome to my
12 99 her blog I'd the first thing I'm
going to talk to you about today is a
few things that can get you bonuses will
do in herblore the first one is the
factory outfit the location to get this
is the flash power factory it's located
in tally the requirements are 75 agility
75 fever and 50 herb-lore the bonuses
for free pieces of the outfit is a ten
percent chance of making a for dose
potion instead of the normal free dose
and if you have all five pieces you will
gain XP when making unfinished potions
the cost of this is for free pieces 5750
points which will take you roughly seven
hours and for the five piece set it's
twelve thousand points and this is going
to take you 15 hours to get the next
thing is the botanist outfit now this
was a reward from the treasure hunter so
you may or may not have this already the
bonus is one percent herb XP boost per
per piece or a six percent collective
bonus if you have the whole outfit the
next thing is the scroll of cleansing to
get this you need 20,000 Dungeoneering
tokens plus 49 herb lore and the bonuses
are twelve point five percent chance of
making a potion faster and a ten percent
chance to not use an ingredient while
making unfinished potions now any beast
of burden is going to assist you with
herb lore the requirements on level 13
plus summoning depending on which burden
you can use and the bonus is a one
percent less bank in time when using a
burden now herbicide is really good it's
34,000 dungeoneering tokens + 21 herb
lore and this will confer grimey herb
drops into XP from level 1 to 12 you're
going to make 64 attack potions you
going to need to buy 64 guam potions
unfinished and also 64 oiled Newt and
you're going to want to put them
together these give 24 XP per potion
that's made
if you did this for an hour it would be
roughly 54,000 XP okay from level 12 to
26 you're going to want to make 143
strength potions you're going to need to
buy 143 tyramine potions unfinished and
put them with 143 limp work routes and
these give 40 XP per potion made ok from
level 26 the 38 you're going to need to
make 324 energy potions for this you'll
need to buy 324 unfinished Harrell and
the potions and 324 chocolate dust and
these give 62 XP per potion ok from
level 38 252 you're going to want to
make 1048 prayer potions for this you'll
need to buy 1048 rather potions
unfinished and 1048 Snape grass and
these give 87.5 XP per potion made ok
from level 52 284 you're going to need
to make 20 4060 free super energy
potions for this you'll need aven't I
potions unfinished and more my fungus
and these give a hundred and eighteen XP
per potion that you make ok from level
80 488 you're going to want to make
7,000 173 adrenaline potions and you're
going to need super energy potions and
papaya fruit and these give you 200 XP
per potion that you make ok guys so from
level 88 to 99 if you choose to go down
the expensive but fast route you'll be
needing to make 4416 of each extreme
potion to make extreme attacks you'll
need 4416 super attacks 4416 clean
eventos to make extreme strengths you'll
need super-strength potions and clean to
wharf weeds to make the extreme defense
potions you'll need super defense
potions and clean lanta dimes
for extreme magics you'll need super
magic potions and ground mudrooms you'll
need to make these from mud runes and
grinding them and for extreme ranging
you'll need super ranging potions and
you'll also need 20 2080 granule spikes
this is because you need five spikes per
potion to make these okay so now you've
made all of your extremes you'll be
level 96 so what you want to do now is
grab your extreme potions and add a
clean tour stool for 4416 and you'll now
be 99 okay guys so if the overload
method is just too expensive for you or
you don't wish to spend your money
making overloads or even if your ass
killer and you're not going to be using
overloads there is an alternative for
you it's from level 88 auto 8 and 99 you
can carry on making extreme attack
potions you'll need to make 30 9312 of
them so you will need the equivalent
number of super attack potions and clean
Abin toes and this grants 444 k XP per
hour and it's a little bit more than
that now because you have got the the
quick the quick select in the bank which
is helpful for herb lore and if you're
using the beast of burden as well it
speeds it up even more so this is the
alternative and it's a really good
alternative it's the one that i actually
did about a year and a half ago when i
got my 99 herb lore I didn't have the
money to invest in overloads so this was
the method that I chose to do so this is
maybe the method for schoolers and other
people that don't have quite as much
money and a few people will probably be
wondering why i haven't mentioned
warbands warbands is a completely
different video all together I will be
making a war bonds video it is a really
good XP for herb law but that will be a
completely different video entirely so
this is the end of the video in our guys
I hope you've enjoyed the video i hope
it's helped you out a lot and good luck
with getting your 12 99 herb lore
and once again thanks for watching
please do leave a like comment and maybe
a subscribe if you think my videos are
good and I'll see you next time thanks
for watching